There are twelve ranks of liturgical days. The highest-ranked office is prayed to the exclusion of all others; if there be many offices within a single rank, they are to be offered as options.
  However, note that All Souls is ranked as a solemnity, but transfers to the next day if it falls on a Sunday. The same is true of January 22nd, in the United States, being the "day of prayer for the legal protection of unborn children," but this applies only to the Mass and to fasting and is thus outside our scope.

The twelve ranks are:
  1. High Solemnities
    i. Sacred Triduum
    ii. Christmas, Epiphany, Ascension, Pentecost
  2. High Holy Days
    i. Sundays of Advent, Lent, Easter
    ii. Ash Wednesday
    iii. Weekdays of Holy Week
    iv. Days within the octave of Easter
  3. Solemnities
    i. Solemnities of the Lord
    ii. Solemnities of the Blessed Virgin Mary
    iii. Solemnities of the Saints
    iv. Solemnities of the Saints
  4. Solemnities of the Particular Church
    i. Solemnity of principal patron
    ii. Solemnity of the dedication
    iii. Solemnity of the title
  5. Feasts of the Lord
  6. Sundays of Christmas and Ordinary Time
  7. Feasts of the Blessed Virgin Mary
  8. Lesser Feasts
    i. Feasts of the Saints
    ii. Feast of the principal patron of the diocese
    iii. Feast of the dedication of the cathedral
    iv. Feast of the principal patron of a region or province, or country
    v. Feast of the title of the cathedral
    vi. Other feasts proper to an individual parish
    vii. Other feasts of the diocesean calendar
  9. Strong Feria
    * Weekdays of Advent between 17 December through 24 December
    * Days within the octave of Christmas
    * Weekdays of Lent
  10. Obligatory Memorials
  11. Memorials of the Particular Church
    i. Memorial of the secondary patron of place, diocese, region, province, country
    ii. Memorials in the diocesean calendar
  12. Feria and Weak Days
    i. Optional memorials
    ii.
        * Weekdays of Advent until 17 December
        * Weekdays of Christmas from 2 January through Saturday after Epiphany
        * Weekdays of Easter
        * Weekdays of Ordinary Time

Consequently, an office is described by two or three elements as regards its liturgical rank: its main rank, an optional minor rank (except for ranks 5, 6, 7, 9, and 10), and transfer requirements. The only transfer requirements I am now aware of are All Souls day transfers to November 3 if November 2 is a Sunday.
